1. What is the importance of Doctype in HTML?
answer: 
Doctype tells the browser which version of HTML/XHTML standard is used and how to render the page.

2. What is the difference between display: none and visibility:hidden?
answer:

display:none remove the element from the flow, allowing other elements to fill in.
visibility:hidden only hides the element, but space is allocated for it on the page

3. What is the difference between sessionStorage and localStorage
answer:

sessionStorage is available only when the browser tab is opened.
localStorage survives when closing and reopening the browser

4. What are data attributes
answer:
data attributes are used to store custom data directly in the HTML tags.
data attributes let you store any kind of information you want on an element.
This data is private to the page and isn't used by the browser itself.

5. What are sprites
answer:
css sprites is merging multiple images into a single image, it reduces the amount of web request and increases page speed

6. What is CSS preprocessor
answer:
A CSS preprocessor is a programming language that extends the functionality of CSS.
It allows you to write cleaner, more maintainable, and more powerful stylesheets.
Here's a breakdown of what CSS preprocessor are and how they benefit web developers

7.What is AJAX
answer: Asynchronous Javascript And Xml: Allows us to communicate with remote web servers in an Asynchronous way.
with AJAX calls we can request data from web servers dynamically

8.What are semantic HTML tags, and why are they important?
answer:Semantic HTML makes your code more readable and understandable, both for yourself and other developers.
Search engines like Google can better understand the content and context of your website.
Screen readers can more effectively interpret the content and provide a better user experience for people with visual impairments.
Common Semantic HTML Tags:

<header>: Defines a header for a document or section.   
<nav>: Defines navigational links.   
<section>: Defines a generic thematic grouping of content.   
<article>: Defines independent, self-contained content.   
<aside>: Defines content aside from the page content.   
<footer>: Defines a footer for a document or section.   
<figure>: Defines self-contained content, like illustrations, diagrams, photos, code listings, etc.

   
